I
No
we're gonna hang on here she's gonna pop
up at the same time she's just do a wide
straddle her legs over and I'm going to
catch two to three really had a basement
it's mostly her together like to stay
over are we doing them no fake
engagement Lawrence so legs heavily
engaged abdominals engage in those
childish Hong Kong our social engage
engage engage engage engage engage
engage lik live with with that let you
know you can try pushing up from there
into it to get that feeling before you
do any kind of twisting so go ahead and
grab his wrist again and then push up oh
that's a strike here you go okay they're
coming back on the morrow sir so yeah
just work with that just keep pushing
all right and can keep your legs on a
straddle with a second escape is a
copter okay and then just try to balance
her in the center
your hands
yeah baksana and then finally oh that's
what yeah okay
cross-country skis you're gonna go is it
yeah yes all right good picture kind of
shacks you look awesome come on camera
straight here this one is a multi deal
so you can take this as far as you want
to go
my legs stay here
taking pictures so much let's go inside
a site that way then you just go wrong
just going to birds so you need it's
late I'm sure look I got it how much
cheese okay just put my feet wherever is
that a little high my toes are up on
your ribs